introducing the flutter by flying fairy
by Spin Master the magical fairy that
turns young girl's dreams into a reality
please know this special fairy is for
indoor use only getting started
installing batteries your flutterby
fairy comes with a decorative display
stand that is also used for charging and
launching your fairy and an instruction
sheet be sure to read the instructions
before you play with your flutterby
fairy to download an extra copy go to
[Music]
www.thevenusproject.com the base a
helpful hint is that the flat side of
the battery touches the spring when
you're finished replace the battery
cover tighten and you're ready to start
the charging process
charging your ferry to charge your
flutterby ferry locate the on/off switch
and charging cable on the back of the
display stand move the switch to the on
position you will see the number 1 1
means on 0 means off after turning the
base on you will see a red light turn on
this means it is ready to charge now
pick up your ferry locate her on/off
switch and move it to the off position
you will see the number 0
next take the charging cable attached to
the stand and insert it into the
charging port on the side of the ferry
skirt once connected you can put her
back on her display stand the light on
the stand will now start to blink red
this means the ferry is being charged
after about 30 minutes the light will
turn to an orange shade and blink faster
after another 5 minutes the light will
automatically shut off when there is no
light it means the ferry is fully
charged and ready to fly in total it
will take about 30 to 35 minutes for a
full charge finally remove the charging
cable from your ferry and switch the
display stand back to the off position
this will reset the stand
before you can begin flying flying your
ferry always fly your ferry indoors in a
wide open room without vents fans bright
lights or devices like remote controls
these items can interfere and make it
difficult to control you ferry to begin
switch both the stand and the ferry to
the on position you'll notice a yellow
colored light will flash inside the
ferry skirt this means she is charged
and ready to fly now put her back into
the stand and put the unit on a
horizontal flat surface double check her
petals are down and can move freely
the red light on the base means she is
ready to fly
push the button on the front and watch
her take flight guide her with your
hands as she dances across the room she
will fly with you between five and six
minutes before she needs to rest and
recharge stopping the ferry in storage
to stop your ferry from flying push the
button once to make her come down slowly
and twice if you want her to stop flying
right away there's no need to worry
about damaging your ferry when she drops
she's built with durable materials
resistant to impacts to store your ferry
place are in the stand and make sure
both the stand and the ferry are turned
off always remember you may need to
charge her again before her next flight
troubleshooting my ferry is flying too
high or is stuck on the ceiling if your
ferry is flying too high or is stuck on
the ceiling try one of two options first
try turning her off by pushing the
button on the displaced and push the
button once for a slow descent twice for
a fast descent then reset the on/off
switch on her skirt this will
recalibrate her flight if that does not
correct her flight try launching her
from the floor instead of a table she is
sensitive to light and will fly higher
depending on the color of the floor or
brightness in the room my family does
not hold a charge if the light on the
base is green that means the batteries
are low and need to be changed check to
see if you used fresh batteries and the
polarity is correct if the light on the
base flashes red and green that means
the charging cable is not secure
connecting into the ferries skirt check
to see if it's inserted properly my
ferry does not lift off properly check
your batteries to ensure she is getting
a strong charge also check the wings
making sure they can move freely
finally make sure the ferry is standing
straight in the base and the pin she
rests on is not bent what if the ferry
hits the wall not to worry the ferry is
durable and will stop flying right away
just pick her up and check that her
wings are lined up correctly and they
can move freely put her back on the base
and push the button to relaunch what if
her wings fall off don't worry certain
wings on your ferry are replaceable
namely the large round skirt pedals
located under the main propeller simply
slide the top cylinder into the hook
gently squeeze the wing and slide the
bottom cylinder into the hook to
reattach
[Music]